Participant	Condition	Strategies	Strategy Comments	Different Game Types?	How Many Game Types?	When Did Games Change?	What Changed?	Adapted to Changes?	Play Music?	Instrument	Kind of Music	Music How Long	Music Hours Per Week	Music Theory	Play Sports?	Kind of Sports	Sports How Long	Sports Hours Per Week	Sports Level	Played Before	Similar Game	Challenge	Feedback	Strategy
A11LNK1U3DT08V	fast-fast-fast	"you just one-tick turn and shoot repeatedly in a circle, but sometimes you rotate off axis to maintain that strategy a little bit and need to adjust "		yes	3	I didn't think there were 'different game types' I guess but it felt like there were minor variations to the dot you shoot at each round - like it needed to be shot again sooner to prevent from deflating or it didnt deflate on its own 	^	idk I just kind of played it intuitively 	no						no					no		"mental fatigue because it is very boring.

accidentally ruining the 1-tick turn/shoot playloop by zoning out"	thx for the money 	coupled
A122LRCSBAD6DC	fast-fast-fast	"1. From what I observed in the 15 rounds of this game, there were two different ways to move the ship. In larger, smaller motions or smaller, quicker motions. I prefered to move the ship in smaller, quicker motions.2. You have to get the timing down when firing at the orange ball in order to prevent it from deflating. The faster you could inflate it and give it a double shot to get your 100 points, the more points you can accumulate at the end of the round. The issue is that if you fire too quickly, you will deflate the ball. This was something I was struggling with throughout the game.3. Another issue of timing is after you successfully fire a double shot to get 100 points the orange ball goes back to normal size. If you can get the timing right here, you can start inflating the orange ball at an earlier time. However, you could miss and lose some time here."	"Overall, the game is largely about timing and takes a bit of aim. One thing I observed about the aiming, is that it was easier to hit the ball from certain spots."	no					no						no					yes	Space Invaders	"I found it challenging to inflate the ball as quickly as possible without deflating the ball. I also had some issues with aiming the orange ball at times, and when the ship was randomly thrown off track, it would slow me down significantly at times."		streamed
A13B8594JIUFDF	fast-fast-fast	no	good task	no					no						no					no		slightly aspects	good task	coupled
A13G6IRFQBEE8K	fast-fast-fast	"Trying to stay ahead of the turn so i can keep hitting the ball in the middle. I counted that it takes 10 hits to fully inflate the ball, so keeping track of that helped decide when to double shoot(though i didn't think to do this sooner.) Try to keep a consistent tempo when shooting as going to fast would pop the ball."	n/a	yes	2	"I can't recall the exact game, maybe around 6-8."	The speed of the ship going around sped up a little. Another is I felt maybe the ball would pop faster sometimes?	I had to turn faster to counter the speed	yes	guitar/piano	"I am a beginner and play a few intros to rock songs. Radiohead, Pixies"	2	4	never	no					yes	Asteroid	Keeping the ball inflated before it deflated and not popping it. The random turns of the ship.	"Maybe add a noise for when the ball fully inflates? change in color or something. The game goes on kind of long, gets a little fatiguing."	streamed
A13YOOKZFZJJ10	fast-fast-fast	 A player's strategy will determine the action which the player will take at any stage of the game.	Good game.	no					no						yes	food ball	8	3	competitive	no		All of the challenging.	I like this game. and good survey.	coupled
A19X8IA9EKC3XH	fast-fast-fast	I made sure that i aimed slightly ahead of the target to compensate for the constant orbit of the ship.	n/a	yes	2	I think in the last 2 games i noticed a difference.	I felt there was a change in speed in which the ship was orbiting around the target. Sometimes it felt the ship was moving slower then the pace would pick back up.	I slowed down when necessary.	no						no					no		The constant movement and trying to keep on target.	n/a	streamed
A1DHJE69R494AH	fast-fast-fast	it was good game	interesting 	no					no						yes	foot ball	10	4	pro	yes	shoot 	yes	it was good	coupled
A1EP3XESXAG0EP	fast-fast-fast	I stared at the circle mainly and didn't look at the arrow much so I can see when the circle was filled to shoot it twice.		no					no						no					no		When the object turned opposite direction hard to stop and think to look for the letter key A to switch position.		coupled
A1FG2G0J8M9Q0N	fast-fast-fast	NA	NA	no					no						yes	Football	10	2	recreational	no		The challenge is aim the circle	None	coupled
A1RH69F7I73LRW	fast-fast-fast	I tried to keep the ship's position aimed toward the center as much as possible and shoot the missiles as fast as possible without prematurely popping the bubble by tapping the keys in an almost rhythmical way	No other comments. 	no					no						no					no		The most challenging aspect of the game was keeping the bubble from popping prematurely while still trying to quickly accumulate points. 	Fun task; no other comments. Thank you.	streamed
A1RV2LERVS0A4H	fast-fast-fast	I wait for the missile to orient along the nearest side of the center circle and then alternate between the D and L keys until the target is large enough for bursting.		yes	3	I don't remember exactly when the changes occurred.	Sometimes the missile was easier to control. It wouldn't move too quickly or suddenly swing in another direction.	I adjusted the speed of my key taps accordingly to orient the missile.	no						no					no		Figuring out how to orient the missile and when to press launch.		coupled
A1SISJL5ST2PWH	fast-fast-fast	"I just stuck with a cadence on tapping the missile button and directional button to get into a rhythm. After that, it was just reacting to the random changes in direction."	No additional comments	yes	5	It felt like in the middle of the game	I noticed the cadence was faster or sometimes inputs were not taken.	I just changed my rhythm based on any changes.	no						no					yes	Dance Dance Revolution	Keeping up with the random shifts	"Maybe add a countdown, if the experiment does not check that bit."	streamed
A1U2A42K8FV3RA	fast-fast-fast	Attempted to not overshoot. Tried to keep the point of the ship in line with the center. Tried to use the fastest turning maneuver to realign after the random spin.		yes	4	At random it seemed	rate of the random spin rate of the deterioration of the center on a miss	"Honestly no specific strategy, just tried to adjust the best that I could."	no						no					no		controlling rate of fire while attempting to keep the ship aligned	"Very fun study. Thanks for tossing this one out there! Best of luck in your research, sincerely! Really fun."	streamed
A1U6L1L2CUQNU5	fast-fast-fast	Mostly i have used clockwise direction to adjust the shooter	None	no					no						yes	soccer	15	2	recreational	no		Controlling the direction of the shooter	None	coupled
A25W2106F90G7L	fast-fast-fast	GOOD GAME	NICE	no					no						no					no		NICE GAME	GOOD	coupled
A2BFFKEYMCBFWW	fast-fast-fast	I playing very well.	Very nice game	no					no						yes	baseball	20	16	competitive	no		I hit the round. That is very challenge.	Good study.	coupled
A2DMUU9GE8QA5Q	fast-fast-fast	The strategies the pressing equally d and l this is a strategie	if you play any game u need patience and understanding game bacis	no					no						yes	criket	10	4	recreational	no		time keeping	good game very intersting	coupled
A2FM6APZP3FN22	fast-fast-fast	I FOLLOWING THA INTERSECTION	GOOD STUDY	no					yes	keybord	"Piano, Martin"	5	2	lt1year	yes	foodboll	4	2	competitive	yes	video games	hordwork	good playing game	coupled
A2PW5825FIRONK	fast-fast-fast	yes possible	very had game	no					no						yes	bat metton	5	3	competitive	no		very had to play	nothing 	coupled
A2RY4MK1FONYH1	fast-fast-fast	"I tried to time turning and shooting at the same time, that made sure that I didn't shoot too fast and also made for a good rhythm. However I felt like I could go faster sometimes, so I'd shoot and move faster but then when it felt like the missiles were going too far to one side, because I was turning too fast, I'd shoot twice and that would get the rotation back on track."	"I wish it had kept track of my high score. I think the last one was my highest, but I'd like to compare."	yes	2	"I'm not sure when, but certain games seemed different than others."	It seemed that the missiles would go off sideways much more often than before	I tried to shoot faster.	no						yes	Cycling	20	2	recreational	yes	Starfighter (90s DOS game)	Timing my shots and dealing with the random changes.	"It would have been cool to know how things changed in the game, or at least have a high score tracker."	coupled
A2W8TJXW68442D	fast-fast-fast	I just tried to get in rhythm with the rotation in the beginning and then it just got easier.		no					yes	Guitar	"Soft rock, country, classic rock. James taylor, Crosby stills and nash,Bruce Hornsby"	8	1	never	no					no		Yes it was.	Very interesting!	coupled
A376AZWIBALRC	fast-fast-fast	No strategies	None	no					no						no					no		rotation		coupled
A38V6MB0UIXY0N	fast-fast-fast	"No, I just followed the instructions."	Nothing	no					no						no					no		Faster movement	Nothing	coupled
A3D1QQ8BEO75C6	fast-fast-fast	Nice experiment	Nice	no					no						no					no		Shooting Point	Nothing	coupled
A3H2KP0VBENV3N	fast-fast-fast	good engaging game.	nice	no					no						no					no		all aspects are challenging.	excellent.	coupled
A3IGG3RX4HXUV9	fast-fast-fast	good and use full game	good	no					no						yes	football	26	3	recreational	no		nothing	good	coupled
A3LA0JBSIW4MUI	fast-fast-fast	"I tried to visualize guidelines on the circle, dividing it into four quarters, and using that to align the ship and keep my aim accurate. I started out focusing on the circle, but then later shifted to looking at the ship. "		yes	3	I'm not sure	Changes in speed and/or distance to the circle.	I tried to slow down when there was a change to plan out my aim and movement around the circle.	no						no					no		"Adjusting to the speed changes, especially when it went faster"		coupled
A3LNWWZ7HGAGGM	fast-fast-fast	nothing	nice	no					no						no					no		very engageing game.	nice	coupled
A3Q4Y5ONYPSQGF	fast-fast-fast	FOCUS ON FIRE.	INETERSTING SURVEY.	no					no						yes	CRICKET	10	5	competitive	no		SOMETIMES MIND BLOWING.	I LIKE PARTICIPATE.	coupled
A7OZPNXIVO1FX	fast-fast-fast	"The strategy I used was to move to another spot each time I shot the circle. If I stayed in one spot, my balls would pop, so I had to just make sure to keep on moving."		no					no						no					no		"I found it challenging only using a couple of keys on the keyboard, because I kept getting them mixed up while playing, so when I mean to shoot I turn, or when I mean to turn I shoot."		coupled
AAE1COF4E8740	fast-fast-fast	I focused and tried my best.	N/A	no					no						no					yes	Space invaders	The random rotations		streamed
ACGHHDT7RY1AH	fast-fast-fast	"The safest way is to move, shoot, move, shoot, etc. But it goes faster if you can get into a pattern of move, shoot, shoot, move, shoot, shoot, etc."	It was always hard for me to rotate back around after my ship spontaneously rotated. And sometimes I felt like it would have been more natural if the shoot button was on the left and the movement controls were on the right.	yes	2	I'm not sure.	Either the circle was getting smaller or the ship was moving faster.	I had to get into a different rhythm of moving and shooting.	no						no					no		Rotating back after the ship spontaneously rotated and shooting the double shot correctly.		streamed
AFM65NU0UXIGP	fast-fast-fast	"It wasn't complicated, simply try to keep my rotation in sync. Sometime taking one shot, sometimes 2, then clicking rotate. "		no					no						no					no		The sudden turns were quite annoying. 	The shoot sound was very annoying. There were a few issues of lag but very infrequent	streamed
AJZYNIL3ITOK0	fast-fast-fast	nothing	excellent	no					no						no					no		very engaging game.	nice.	coupled
AQXRHIMQ7UK7O	fast-fast-fast	Just really a matter of getting the timing down. 	I definitely need to remember to use the A button when it turns around on me randomly. 	yes	2	I don't know.	It just seemed like the speed varied between games and maybe even within each game it changed.	Just tried to adjust my timing.	yes	trumpet	I don't play anymore. I played in middle and high school	7	1	never	yes	ice hockey	25	3	recreational	no		getting the timing and angle right		coupled
ASZBND3G5UYJG	fast-fast-fast	It is very intersting to play the game	good entertainment	no					no						no					no		interesting game turn the arrow aim the circle and shoot	good game	coupled
AUPXYEKITX8UT	fast-fast-fast	I flow through the ship to launch the bullets towards the inner circle. I used clockwise shift more than other	None	no					no						no					no		keeping the track of the ship was pretty challenging in this game	None	coupled
AXMPSUNKUBEIL	fast-fast-fast	I tried to establish a rhythm alternating rotation and missile launching.		no					no						no					no		Keeping with it for so long was challenging.		coupled
AY4PZPXHSRCP5	fast-fast-fast	FOCUS ON GAME	INTRESTING GAME	no					no						no					no		SHOOTING	I LIKE THIS GAME	coupled
AY5OS6NZWVX22	fast-fast-fast	"I just tried to find a rhythm that worked, and tried not to miss or pop the balloons."		no					no						no					no		It was really frustrating when the ship would randomly change direction.		coupled
AZ8NBOTCBCLKG	fast-fast-fast	I tried to wait until I was around a spot where I could hit the circle in the middle accurately. I mostly kept the ship going clockwise as it was easier for me to do that way. When the circle was full I just tried to rapid fire to pop it in time. 	No other strategies this game was rather difficult to accomplish. 	yes	2	Half way through I think. 	Sometimes they would go faster or slower. 	I tried to adjust my turning and firing speed. 	no						no					no		Trying to hit the target accurately then popping it in time. 	"Interesting game, very difficult. "	coupled
